Add instructions to launch a compatible Docker Postgres (#5915)
parse-community/parse-server: CONTRIBUTING.md

If your pull request introduces a change that may affect the storage or retrieval of objects, you may want to make sure it plays nice with Postgres.

> * Run the tests against the postgres database with `PARSE_SERVER_TEST_DB=postgres npm test`. You'll need to have postgres running on your machine and setup [appropriately](https://github.com/parse-community/parse-server/blob/master/.travis.yml#L37) or use `Docker` you will find the instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run the tests against the postgres database with `PARSE_SERVER_TEST_DB=postgres npm test`. You'll need to have postgres running on your machine and setup [appropriately](https://github.com/parse-community/parse-server/blob/master/.travis.yml#L37) or use [`Docker`](#run-a-parse-postgres-with-docker).
```

* The Postgres adapter has a special debugger that traces all the sql commands. You can enable it with setting the environment variable `PARSE_SERVER_LOG_LEVEL=debug`
* If your feature is intended to only work with MongoDB, you should disable PostgreSQL-specific tests with:
   
  - `describe_only_db('mongo')` // will create a `describe` that runs only on mongoDB
  - `it_only_db('mongo')` // will make a test that only runs on mongo
  - `it_exclude_dbs(['postgres'])` // will make a test that runs against all DB's but postgres

#### Run a Parse Postgres with Docker

> To launch the compatible Postgres instance, copy and paste the following line into your shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To launch the compatible Postgres instance, copy and paste the following line into your shell:
```
